Add $ to Colcon-Tutorial.rst (#5251)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Beginner-Client-Libraries/Colcon-Tutorial.rst

Inside that subdirectory is where the source code of ROS packages will be located.
Typically the directory starts otherwise empty.

> colcon performs out-of-source builds by default.

Reviewer: I'm not sure adding "by default" here is necessary, but the rephrasing is OK.

```suggestion
colcon performs out-of-source builds.
```

The command ``colcon_cd`` allows you to quickly change the current working directory of your shell to the directory of a package.
As an example ``colcon_cd some_ros_package`` would quickly bring you to the directory ``~/ros2_ws/src/some_ros_package``.

> To set up colcon_cd you need to add the following lines to your shell startup script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up ``colcon_cd`` you need to run the following commands to modify your shell startup script:
```
